Add Missing Software CLI Configs (#1748)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/configure-cli.md

Every Astro project includes a file called `.astro/config.yaml` that supports various project-level settings, including:

- The name of your Astro project.

> - The port for the Airflow web server and Postgres metadata database.

Reviewer: Any reason we are not using the conventional component name in the Airflow documentation/ our own style guide? https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/security/webserver.html

Author: @jwitz - fixed - I was following the Google developer documentation style guide recommendation and missed our deviation.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/213451701-ba96812f-c8a2-4c53-9a36-0fbd6ec171b1.png)

I'm not sure why we're not following the recommended standard, but at least it's documented! :)

> ## Available CLI configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Available CLI configurations

:::info 

The behavior and format of this command differs depending on what Astronomer product you're using. Use the following tabs to change between product contexts.

:::
```

Keeping consistent with CLI reference docs.

| `postgres.host`      | Your hostname for the Postgres metadata database            | Any string             |
| `postgres.port`      | Your port for the Postgres metadata database            | Any available port             |
| `project.name`       | The name of your Astro project         | Any string             |
| `webserver.port`     | The port for the webserver in your local Airflow environment          | Any available port             |
| `show_warnings`      | Determines whether warning messages appear when starting a local Airflow environment         | `true`, `false`             |

> | `skip_parse`         | Determines whether DAG parsing is ignored when deploying code to a Deployment         | `true`, `false`            | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `skip_parse`         | Determines whether the CLI parses DAGs before pushing code to a Deployment         | `true`, `false`            | 
```

| `upgrade_message`    | Determines whether a message indicating the availability of a new Astro CLI version displays in the Astro CLI         | `true`, `false`             |

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="software">

| Option              | Description | Possible Values |
| ------------------- | ----------- | --------------- |

> | `houston.dial_timeout`       |  The time in seconds to wait for a Houston connection. The default is 10.        |  Any integer           |

Reviewer: In addition to these configs, we should also add the local configs from the "Astro" tab because they apply equally to Software. That would be:

- `local.registry`  
- `postgres.user`   
- `postgres.password`
- `postgres.host`      
- `postgres.port`    
- `project.name`     
- `show_warnings`  
- `skip_parse`
- `upgrade_message`
- `webserver.port`

Reviewer 2: just a minor update to that `local.registry` & `skip_parse`configs are Astro specific

> | `houston.skip_verify_tls`       |  Determines whether the Transport Layer Security (TSL) certificate is verified when connecting to Houston. The default is `false`.        | `true`, `false`             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `houston.skip_verify_tls`       |  Determines whether the Transport Layer Security (TLS) certificate is verified when connecting to Houston. The default is `false`.        | `true`, `false`             |
```
nit: typo

| `project.name`       | The name of your Astro project         | Any string             |
| `webserver.port`     | The port for the webserver in your local Airflow environment          | Any available port             |
| `show_warnings`      | Determines whether warning messages appear when starting up a local Airflow environment         | `true`, `false`             |

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="software">

| Option              | Description | Possible Values |
| ------------------- | ----------- | --------------- |
| `houston.dial_timeout`       |         |             |
| `houston.skip_verify_tls`       |          |             |
| `interactive`       |          |             |
| `local.houston`       |          |             |
| `local.platform`      |                      |              |
| `page_size`             |                       |              |

> | `verbosity`      |              |              |

Reviewer 2: ```
houston.dial_timeout - Timeout in seconds to open up connection to Houston (default: 10 seconds) (possible value: Any integer)
houston.skip_verify_tls - Skip verify TLS controls if CLI will verify Software platform's certificate while opening up the connection (default: false) (possible value: true, false)
interactive - interactive enables pagination of responses in CLI wherever Software platform supports it (default: false) (possible value: true, false)
local.houston - we shouldn't put this in public facing docs, it is only meant to be used for internal testing
local.platform - we shouldn't put this in public facing docs, it is only meant to be used for internal testing
page_size - page size sets the size of paginated response when interactive is set to true (default: 20) (possible value: Any integer)
verbosity - verbosity sets the log level for all the logs in the CLI command output (default: warning) (possible value: debug, info, warning, error)
```
Adding flag details, we can skip `local.houston` & `local.platform` as that is mainly used for local testing by internal developers

Author: Thanks @neel-astro. Much appreciated. I have added edited descriptions to the table. When time permits, please review and provide your edits or approval.
